# OfflineRealityVSOnline
Somewhere in the timelapse between the creation of the internet until now, society has become slave of digital enviroment. Is now common to see everyone stucked into their devices, reading mails, checking Facebook, using Twitter to get into trends, instagraming their sorroundings and even preferring texting via whatsapp than talking to each others.
Offline reality became somehow irrelevant to our existance, we are too immersed in what other are living , eating, wearing, talking and spreading that we forget how important human interaction is. 
Let's took this example to display how important is our online reality nowadays, we arrive to any place asking first for their internet password to search for recommendatios from the place, and not just ask for them to the people that is part of that place.
Now let's look at the bigger picture, from the second half of the twentieth century with the fall of communism and the end of the Cold War, the input of globalization (economic process, technological, social and cultural) changed gradually making of decisions of the agents in power. That means returning to Castells (Professor of Sociology) in his book Communication Power:
"The basic activities that shape and control human life in every corner of the world are organized in global networks: financial markets, production, management and transnational distribution of goods and services, the highly qualified labor, science and technology, including university education, the media, the Internet networks multiobject interactive communication, art, culture, entertainment and sports; institutions gestionana the global economy and government relations, religion, the criminal economy; and transnational NGOs ... "probably the internal and external communication(take the decisions for change / no change) of these networks (essential for survival) is developed in the digital world. If that is not power and importance to the Online reality then I don't know what it is.
Somehow life on the internet has become much more important and relevant than what happens in real life, lets be honest if it wasn't for facebook only a few people would congratulate each other on their birthday, on the other hand if someone dies how honest could it be that someone gives his/her condolences via inbox instead of even calling the person who lost someone. People don't cry when something bad happens not before they post it on FB, they don't enjoy anger because before anything they have to post it, people don't make dinners or meals to announce their marriage because FB gives you the option to announce it even if it is not real. 
Everybody is aware of this situation but they just don't care or they are too busy on Twitter or Instagram too stop for a minute and look what is going on around them, their dogs getting excited when they arrive, their kids playing, their couples telling them how much they love them. When does being stunned on a screen became more real than what goes on around us? And how is this affecting us?
Now , it would be important to ask if indeed the online world and are totally disconnected or offline are exclusive of each other . That is, the digital world has grown so much that we migrated reality virtuality without questioning whether it is valid or not, because in the end it is a fact , but why it costs so much work to understand and assimilate the relationship can be also in vice versa. Why is so questionable to migrate virtuality, " the real world "?
The point is that the online reality not fully developed yet, so we're stuck in this migration, which probably is part of the next evolutionary step. As says Russell W. Belk, Extended Self at work in a digital world, new technologies have changed the way we consume, present ourselves and communicate. Online reality gives us the options to extend your physical person, such as avatars with whom you can feel identified and have as many as your multiple personalities you allow or content you share / upload that psychologically become part of you (and you're responsible for its existence). These two points and their effects in the digital world (feedback) trigger a co-existence where you are no longer the same as when you were offline.What it makes me think that maybe we're halfway to migration, just need to figure out how to climb all our self.
Many ideas about the difference between what is online and what is real, born of the fallacy that we are on the internet and other in real life , but differences persist even if in real life . It is also important to note that what defines what is real or not is not a question of actual existence , but functionality. An e -mail is much more functional than a postcard . 
The power, both globally and individually, their functionality and even inconclusive great evolution of online actually makes us think that the digital world these days has more importance and impact that the Offline state.
Bibliography
http://jcr.oxfordjournals.org/content/40/3/477.full, http://www.webpower.eu/ten-most-important-trends/, http://www.cyberpadres.com/articulos/aranda/evoluc/cambios.htm, https://holismoplanetario.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/comunicacic3b3n_y_poder_de_manuel_castells.pdf
